Okay, now the basic issue is... The basic issue is this.
I think we all agree that we should try to extend life as long as it is enjoyable and pleasant.
But there will come a point, even though we may extend it considerably farther, remember that that biological time clock is set
and we aren't going to move it very much beyond that, what we consider now the maximum longevity.
And the machine wears out the human body, whether it's a heart, and we've seen all that's been done with heart bypasses and with artificial hearts, but there are many other things that start wearing out at the same time.
And do we want to
perpetuate life, let's assume that we could cut out cancer.
Let's assume that all kinds of cancer, just for assumption.
That suddenly we could expect a life and longevity of 95 years.
What would be the increased incidence of Alzheimer's and mental breakdowns?
I don't want to go that way.
There has to be some common sense in these whole issues.
And people get emotionally involved as they reach a certain stage of life, and especially when they are bored.
They've got all of the luxuries of a good life, money and influence.
And they have to climb on that white steed with the spear in hand and
Here we go again, charging the windmills, Don Quixote style.
And we look for the fountain of perpetual youth.
Wouldn't it be wonderful if we could find it?
But just think of the disaster it would provoke with population growth until we learn to balance all of these things.
agree with many things but on the other on another sense you're somewhat off the topic on the types of charges that they've been leveling against you but we're going to talk about that next time because you have to go and I have to go yesterday yesterday I was in Washington the senator or congressman Smith Neal Smith from Iowa had gotten together
with the interest of both the urban, quite a few urban senators, or from metropolitan areas, as well as rural, on what to do about agriculture.
What's the mess, all of the farmers going broke.
And so I guess I was... I want to get your opinion on this next time too.
Yeah, but I'll just mention this.
I was the only biologist.
The other, there were probably 15
outstanding economist.
No historians?
No.
I was the only biologist in the whole thing and towards the closing part, Stolt, the old Des Moines Register person was there.
He's retired now.
He was one of their old nine good writers.
talking about the surpluses.
And he said, I think that maybe the thing that we need to do is to ration chemicals.
And he went on and on for three or four minutes.
There wasn't much time.
And I said, I want to object and object strenuously.
I said, if you want to
cut your production don't do it on a camouflage by rationing fertilizer because I saw the consequences of this on what happened in DDT and I repeated the bloody gore of what happened and I said it wasn't as soon as that was banned here certain organizations were pressuring other governments and the consequences was exactly what happened in India
And I said, and if this were to happen in the U.S., which is supposed to be a political leading country in food production, you set up, give the wrong signals to the world.
That you are implying that these chemicals are polluting the water and creating all of these problems, and that's why you're rationing.
And I said, I can't think of anything worse.
recognizing what happened in DDT.
And he said, well, I didn't mean it quite in that way.
I said, I don't care how you mean it.
That's what you're playing with.
We can go into detail later.